### Program 1:

One test case that would execute the fault but wouldn't enter an error state would be: 

x = [2, 3, 5] <br>
y = 3 <br>
Expected = 1

This test case wouldn't enter an error state since an error would only occur if the program had to search the entire array. Since the value 3 is found on the second element (index 1), the program would never be forced to look at the first element, and no error occurs.

---

### Program 2:

One test case that would execute the fault but wouldn't enter an error state would be: 

x = [1, 1, 1] <br>
Expected = -1

This test case wouldn't enter an error state since the error would only occur if there was at least one 0 in the array. The fault would execute since the if condition is run, but since there are no zeros in the array, the program will complete the full execution of the for loop and would not enter an error state.

---

### Program 3:

One test case that would execute the fault but wouldn't enter an error state would be: 

x = [-4, 2, 1, 2] <br>
Expected = 3

This test case wouldn't enter an error state since the error would only occur if a zero existed within the array. The if condition is run, triggering the fault, but no errors are observed.

---

### Program 4:

One test case that would execute the fault but wouldn't enter an error state would be: 

x = [3, -2, 0, 1, 4] <br>
Expected = 3

This test case wouldn't enter an error state since the error would only occur if there existed a negative odd number in the array. The fault would trigger since the if condition is evaluated, but no errors would be observed.