I think the future of AI-assisted testing will move beyond simple code generation based on some context prompts that the user has to feed in. If I had to invest my money, I would want a tool that is embedded into the system that I was already creating. The AI would understand the full scope of the project and the inner workings of the code. The AI should be able to automate the tedious testing tasks such as generation mutation tests, or fuzz testing as the project is being created. The human would then be prompted to parts of the test that the AI had failed for review, as well as having the option to generate more specific tests to meet special cases. 

I believe that the biggest challenge for widespread adoption will be ensuring valid, safe, and effective results from AI. Since AI is inherently black box in what it thinks, it is impossible for us to see its thought process and difficult for us to point out when a result it displays is legitmate without substantial manual testing. This means that developers will naturally have to trust that AI's "good enough" for most cases and be extra dilligent on more vulnerable areas in the code. Otherwise, we may have to develop new tools to test for thing such as hallucinations as for critical software, there must be full trust in the end results. As an example, there have been many recent cases where new apps have been leaking the private information of many users. The AI failed to generate critical parts of the code to protect users privacy creating a huge data leak.